feat: bootstrap dashboard users from dashboard.bootstrap_users_file (#9256)
emqx/emqx: changes/v4.3.22-en.md

- Added a log censor to avoid logging sensitive data [#9189](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/9189).
  If the data to be logged is a map or key-value list which contains sensitive key words such as `password`, the value is obfuscated as `******`.

> - Add `dashboard.bootstrap_users_file` configuration to bulk import default user&password when EMQX first starts [#9256](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/9256).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `dashboard.bootstrap_users_file` configuration to bulk import default administrative username and password when EMQX initializes the database [#9256](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/9256).
```
